[Autogenerated] all right.
We went through a lot in this module.
Let's just sum up what we learned.
The first thing and this is important from a high level from an architectural
level is that you really need to consider your architecture.
Er,
how you want to layer configurations and the
interdependencies between those configurations.
Ideally, you want to keep them loosely coupled,
and each configuration should be its own atomic unit
outside of the other configurations,
meaning If I want to swap out one of the configurations with something new,
I shouldn't have to drastically alter all of my other configurations.
It's a software concept that is trickling into
infrastructure design because infrastructure is starting to
adopt software development principles.
So it all kind of makes sense.
The other important thing that we learned in this process
is that CloudFormation is an option.
You can create stacks from terra form as well as consume the output of
existing stacks into your terra form configuration.
So we know we're not working in a green field here.
We're gonna have to deal with what's already deployed. This gives you some options